Time for another exercise. We learned about events and how we could work with them, time to put this into
practice and get deeper into events to really work with them without any issues.
Here are the exercises I prepared, in the first task,
I want you to simply show an alert whenever we click this button.
This should be pretty straightforward to handle with an event handler and probably a function, just a
little bit.
The second exercise here then is a bit of a more advanced technique but we also learned this, here
I want you to listen to a keydown event on this input here and store the value in a data property.
So we kind of need access to the value of this input field here, of this input element
and here's a hint,
event.target.value might give us value, the keydown event might be the one you want to listen to to successfully
store the value in a data property and we output this value property below this input so that we can
see what we entered.
The third exercise here then takes the last one, the second one
but here we want to make sure that yes we still listen to keydown but only if the enter key is pressed
do we want to refresh this value property,
we also learned a way to well constrain the keys we're listening to.
These are the three exercises, using how you call functions, how you execute code, how you pass arguments,
how you work with the default event argument
and with that, let's get started.
And in the next video, we can solve this together in case you got stuck somewhere or simply want to compare
your solution.